DOC: Add details on benchmarking versions with ASV (#22886)
numpy/numpy: benchmarks/README.rst

    pip install asv
    pip install virtualenv

After contributing new benchmarks, you should test them locally
before submitting a pull request.

> 

Reviewer: Is there a reason to remove this?

Author: Sorry, I was trying a few changes of phrase. I think I'm happier with this line (and explaining in the next section that there's not much point running the benchmark replications.

IMO its a little confusing, because the benchmarks take a long time, we should possibly default to storing the results (in a `gitignore`'d folder perhaps) but that's a different discussion.

benchmark is run multiple times to measure the distribution in
execution times.)

For **testing** benchmarks locally, it may be better to run these without
replications::

>     cd benchmarks/
>     asv run -n -e --python=same -q -b $REGEXP
> 
> Where the regular expression used to match benchmarks is stored in ``$REGEXP``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    cd benchmarks/
    export REGEXP="bench.*Ufunc"
    asv run --dry-run --show-stderr --python=same --quick -b $REGEXP

Where the regular expression used to match benchmarks is stored in ``$REGEXP``, and `--quick` is used to avoid repititions.
```

benchmark is run multiple times to measure the distribution in
execution times.)

For **testing** benchmarks locally, it may be better to run these without
replications::

    cd benchmarks/
    export REGEXP="bench.*Ufunc"
    asv run --dry-run --show-stderr --python=same --quick -b $REGEXP

> Where the regular expression used to match benchmarks is stored in ``$REGEXP``, and `--quick` is used to avoid repititions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where the regular expression used to match benchmarks is stored in ``$REGEXP``,
and `--quick` is used to avoid repetitions.
```

.. _ASV documentation: https://asv.readthedocs.io/

Benchmarking versions
---------------------

To benchmark or visualize only releases on different machines locally, the tags with their commits can be generated, before being run with ``asv``, that is::

    cd benchmarks
    # Get commits for tags
    # delete tag_commits.txt before re-runs
    for gtag in $(git tag --list --sort taggerdate | grep "^v"); do
    git log $gtag --oneline -n1 --decorate=no | awk -v gtg="$gtag" '{print $1, gtg;}' >> tag_commits.txt
    done
    # Take last 20
    for commitLine in $(tail --lines=20 tag_commits.txt); do
    asv run $(echo $commitLine | awk '{print $1}')^!
    done
    # Publish and view
    asv publish
    asv preview

> Note that this can still be a significant time commitment. Do not open pull requests to the main repository with these results.

Reviewer: I am not sure what the intent of this line is. In general benchmarking on NumPy is slow, this technique will run 20 very slow things. That should be clear to anyone running benchmarks. 

Why would someone open a PR with these results?

Author: I was thinking if we had a separate repo, since the results are static we could have people commit reasonably run benchmarks on different hardware. Though, yes that doesn't make sense here. I'll add it to the `asv publish` results repo.

Reviewer: sounds good
